# Bug Tracker

# Contributors
- Mitch Cail
- Mamoon Abdulhameed
- Christophe Siewecke
****
This is an implementation of a bug tracker as defined for Sysc 4806. This project will allow people to post bugs onto the site. Users can then attempt to fix bugs and get awarded points for doing so successfully.

There will be three 2-week sprints after the project kickoff (i.e. sprint 0)



**plan for sprint 0 scrum 1** (Feb 25th)
-set up the project on git and on heroku. Create a skeleton homepage and configure the project on circle CI

**achieved in sprint 0 scrum 1**
- for this sprint we set up the project on git and on heroku. We also created a a skeleton homepage and set the project up on cirlcle CI

**plans for sprint 1 scrum 2** (Feb 25th to March 6th)
- set up model for posting bugs to the site. A Bug will have a name description and link to the github repo. 
- set up User model. For users we will be using devise, a rails gem for user authentication. Users will be able to search through bugs and attempt to solve bugs. Users will also be able to post bugs and award points to users for solving.
- Get early functionality working on the app to give an early feel for what we plan to accomplish.

**achieved in sprint 1 scrum 2** (Feb 25th to March 6th)
- model for bug posting (called tickets) was added to the site.
- user model was created and added to the site. Devise was used to create a user sign up, authentication and login system.
- all-developer meeting was held to coordinate design decisions
- early functionality of the site was implemented.

**plans for sprint 1 scrum 3** (March 6th to March 13th)
- deal with the bug log in github issues
- create a profile page
- modify the layout of the ticket page

**achieved in sprint 1 scrum 3** (March 6th to March 13th)

- cleared the bug log that were in the issues
- created a profile page with list of tickets and hunts 
- changed the layout of tickets 
- started creating a way to close a ticket and assign points

**plans for sprint 2 scrum 4** (March 13th to March 20th)
- add commenting functionality for the site (users can comment on a bug hunt)
- add more tables to the user table (as defined in https://github.com/mitchcail/Bug_tracker/issues/14)
- come up with a scoring system

**achieved in sprint 2 scrum 4** (March 13th to March 20th)
- created initial commenting functionality for the site

**plans for sprint 2 scrum 5** (March 20th to March 27th)
- working on scoring system
- cleaning up the system so that is ready for users
- resolving bugs

**achieved in sprint 2 scrum 5** (March 20th to March 27th)
- due to poster fair week, not a lot of progress was made this scrum

**plans for sprint 3 scrum 6** (March 27th to April 3rd)
- working on scoring system
- cleaning up the system so that is ready for users
- clearing out the bugs  
- add a search system
- add ticket ID to ticket name

**achieved in sprint 3 scrum 6** (March 27th to April 3rd)
- finished designing and implementing the scoring system
- cleaned up the comment section of a ticket and added functionality to refresh the page after adding a new comment
- polished the profile page
- added functionality to search for tickets using name and comment contents
- added the display of internal ticket ID to tickets on the main page
- added the ability to add a link to a ticket page
- added circle tests
- cleaned up the aesthetics of the site.
